Happy birthday, Ling Ling!
Here's your gift.
Oh, you remembered! What a surprise!
You can open it.
I don't think I should open it now.
In China, we open a gift later.
But back in the US, we open a gift immediately.
So, what do I do?
You needn't wait.
Ling Ling opens her present and finds a dictionary.
Oh, thank you!
I really wanted one.
We're happy you like it.
I noticed another difference.
In China, you accept a gift with both hands.
But in the West, we usually don't pay much attention to that.
That's interesting.
I'm interested to know all the Chinese traditions.
Tell me more.
There are a lot.
For example, in my hometown, people say you mustn't do any cleaning on the first day of the spring festival.
And you mustn't break anything.
It's bad luck.
You must only use red paper for hung bow, because red means luck.
And you'd better not have your hair cut during the spring festival months.
You can't be serious.
And in the north of China, people eat lots of jiao zi.
Perfect. They taste great.
I like eating jiao zi too.
Anyway, the spring festival is still over a month away.
Let's celebrate Ling Ling's birthday first.